Ok, it took me all week but I think I have finally found a node here in the
lab to do my testing.  It's waaaaay on the other side of the lab.  A part of
the lab seldom ventured into.  The forgotten part of the lab.   The part of
the lab that no one talks about.  The part of the lab parents tell their
children to stay away from.

It is quite strange here in this bizarre alternate universe.  It is reasonably
quiet, cards are plentiful here and the benches are not cluttered with litter
and broken hardware.  Oh my, the Meta key works on this keyboard!  What is
this strange phenomenon?!?

I am feeling quite thirsty now from the long trek.  I shall stop here to enjoy
a cool, refreshing, bland beverage.  Oh, wait, those are back at my desk.  One
moment... ... ...  Ahh, that's better.  I should save one of these for later.
I should perhaps ration my provisions better as there's no telling when I
might get out of here.

I can't explain it, but there's also this pleasant but odd ball of light
floating in the air outside the window here.  It must be some kind of freak
gaseous anomaly.  Right, I also forgot to mention there is a humungous window
here and there is no snake's nest of wires or ugly machines in front of it to
obscure the view--I guess the lab elves have overlooked 'beautifying' this
section of the lab thus far.

Only the view of the rest of the lab seems to be blocked by an enormous DC
voltage generator.  I think it might actually provide some kind of privacy
over here.  Apparently, the DC generators here also grow to unfathomably
gigantic sizes too.  I won't try to find out if they've got a correspondingly
large bite--they look quite mean.

Another strange thing has happened.  There are no people walking past every
few minutes to distract me or to bother me with questions.  Maybe they have
all been swallowed whole by a ferocious meeting and are slowly being digested
in the belly of the beast.  What's this?!?  This terminal server works!  I
think this phone might even work too.  The other creatures here also seem more
relaxed.  They do not bolt when you come near them.

Strange, but it seems the evil scientists on this side of the lab have
discovered how to make a control card live without a brain.  I found two of
their experiments lying here unattended.  I reanimated them briefly but they
will help me not in my testing.  I must keep moving on.

I just passed by a cluster of 10 Ultras.  They appear to be resting here on
their long journey south for the winter.  They flashed their LEDs politely at
me as I bid them good morning.  If only I had completed my white LED
flashlight then maybe I might be able to communicate with them.

The wires overhead don't look quite so gnarled and angry-looking here.  They
are less twisted and they seem to be thinning out a bit in this clearing.  The
path is also very well kept and clear of debris.  Someone has been here
before.

There is an ancient map here depicting a forgotten network of some kind.  It
looks quite faded.  I cannot make much sense of it yet.  It seems that the
part it indicates I must follow does not exist anymore.  I wonder if there is
burried treasure at the place marked 'CE1'.  I probably have to find the
potion first that lets me fly so I can go by 'ethernet' to get to my
destination.  There is a half-empty can of bland beverage here.  Your exits
are north.

The cables here even have smiley faces attached to them.  This helpful cable
was already attached pretty much where I needed it to be.  I thanked the
friendly cable and plugged it into the correct port.  I was then greeted by a
friendly green light.  No angry red lights telling me that everything is
broken and that I might as well go home for the day.

Working in this part of the lab is like being in some kind of a dream.
Instead of having to hunt down scarce cables, there is a box bursting with
them just sitting here waiting for me to pluck a ripe one.  Such succulent
optical cables.  So clean and neat and, oh look, someone has polished and
capped the ends for me already.  Isn't that nice.

So unlike the other part of the lab where we have to steal all our cables from
other nodes or pick them up off the ground, dust them off and then escape with
them to your node and plug them in before someone sees that you have a free
cable.  Like a flock of seagulls fighting over a few stale crackers.

I think I like it in this strange part of the lab.  Perhaps I shall leave a
trail of little rubber fibre caps so I can find my way back here next week.
