The scene starts out at an old Victorian era mansion.  It is raining profusely
and it is well past midnight.  Tonight is one of the worst storms in recent
record and, even though this was not planned in advance, it seems a somewhat
appropriate occasion to celebrate Lars' joining the legal firm.  The party has
nearly finished and most of the guests have gone home for the night.  The host
and a few of his closer acquaintences and cohorts have remained for the poker
game.  The host has made sure that an appropriate number of eye-catching women
have remained at the party to serve drinks and provide a suitable milieu for a
little rambunctious gambling and the serious business transactions that often
occur during the course of these games.  The real party is just about to get
started.

The host is none other than our illustrious Howard Sottosanti, the sponsor and
protector of Mr. Alversson.  While he is developing a healthy amount of
distrust for Lars, it is at this point manifested purely as curiosity.
Eventually, they will see to it that he gets his hooks into Lars.  For now, he
is content merely to sow the seeds of corruption.  A few innocent comments
laid here and there throughout the evening were designed to test the moral
waters.  The excessive amounts of alcohol and the women were meant as a moral
catalyst.  Mr. Greed arranged for Lars to be recruited by the law firm and has
already identified him as someone destined for a more senior position.

Lars is still being tested at this point though.  His legal skills are evident
but at this point, little is known about his ethical caliber.  The party is to
celebrate not only Lars' induction into the firm but also a recent legal
victory.  Lars has read the news concerning this topic and has obviously
already formulated his own opinion on the matter.  As it turns out, Lars seems
to have no difficulties in reconciling his opinions with facts he has learned
tonight and also seems to have no qualms about enjoying some of the finer
things in life.  This meets with the approval of everyone.  Especially, our
wonderful and gracious host for the evening.
