Kranwell City Limits

"Hey, thanks again for the lift."

"No problem.  So long."

John shook the old man's hand one last time and pulled the door release.  A
wave of hot diesel exhaust blew into the cabin.  John held onto the door as he
lept down from the truck.  His legs were stiff from the long ride and he
stumbled a bit as he landed.  He quickly regained his balance and closed the
door firmly.  A curt slap on the door sent the truck galloping off leaving
John all alone by the side of the road.

It was nearly dawn and the entire village would still be asleep for many
hours.  Miles from the nearest major city, the small community of barely a
hundred was centred around the General Store.  After a quick glance around,
John headed purposefully towards it and climbed the steps onto the porch.
Near the railing, right next to an ancient-looking rocking chair, was the
town's only payphone.  The phone's coin box was left open and it contained a
single, badly worn quarter.  John retrieved the quarter and dropped it into
the coin slot as he raised the handset to his ear.  He consulted a small scrap
of paper and tapped out the number on the keypad with his knuckle.

"Hhh... Hello?"

"Sorry to wake you but is Red up?"

"Red?  Uh... no.  Do you want to leave a message?"

"Would you please tell Red that Mr. Greene would be happy to sponsor his new
book but first he would like another chance to talk with him again.  I heard
he's planning another book signing.  When is it scheduled to take place?"

"I think he's planning it for tomorrow.  Would Mr. Greene like me to arrange
to have some autographed copies sent to him?"

"That would be very nice, thank you."

"I'll have them sent along to his mother's residence.  Would twenty be
alright?"

"Uh... Better make it forty, just in case.  Thanks again.  Good morning to
you."

John hung up before the other person could respond.  The phone chattered
mechanically for a second and then the coin fell into the coin box.  He
swallowed the scrap of paper and pocketed the quarter.  John placed his
handkerchief over the palm of his hand and with one deft motion, he reached up
and wiped all of his fingerprints from the handset hanging in its cradle.

With a quick glance over his shoulder, John set off down the road.

Good thing I said forty minutes.  My legs are still really stiff.  They better
damn well have breakfast for me when I get there.  I wonder why they called me
back now.  Why did I wear my stupid Docs?

Somewhere, miles in the distance, a rooster crowed.

"Shut up" he mumbled.
