Pharohs Of The Internet

The relentless sun was beating down on the poor workers as they toiled.  They
toiled and they toiled 'til they could toil no more.  Stinging sand, huge,
cruel stones and not a single soda dispensing machine in sight.  A team of
workers each at opposite ends of a gigantic block pull with all their might in
opposition to each other.  The block moves naught.  Teams of workers haul
blocks down the side of the monument which are then hauled up the other side
by other teams of workers.  Everywhere, workers carry things.  Anything
really.  Just so long as they are carrying something.  Venerable architects
seem pleased and nod as they survey the work in progress.

A gust of wind spits sand in my eye and I stop momentarily to regain my
footing atop the step and adjust the package I was carrying.  A tremendous
"crack" split the air and a sharp pain brought me back to the present.  "Quit
stallin' or I'll whip ya again!" the not-very-nice man with the hat said--the
only one around not wearing nothing but a loincloth.  I readjusted my burden
and continued up the slope grumbling to myself.

The pharohs of the internet want their network built and they want it built
now.  They don't want any guff from the workers either.  Just shut up and do
your work and nobody has to starve... much.  There's nothing holding us
here--we're quite welcome to take a walk off into the desert anytime we damn
well please.  Nobody stopping us from doing that.  No siree, Bob ("Bob, is
that you?").

You see, the pharohs want their internet to be built but they don't seem to
care enough to actually sit around and supervise things much.  They just want
to build their monument at all costs.  Well, _some_ costs, at least.  The
preists and soothsayers get final say.  After they have determined what the
gods want the temple or building to finally look like they'll tell the pharoh
just how much he can expect to spend.  These wise men also manage most of the
finer details of construction and such.

If some workers should die... No matter!  We'll just make more efficient use
of our available resources.  Not enough ladders or scaffolding?  There's no
need for alarm.  We'll just use inflatable blocks on that side of the
structure or chisel them out of cheese.  Hoards of locusts might eat the
cheese but we can paint it so they won't know it's cheese.  If there are too
many supervisors for the number of workers that we have, we can just send half
of them off for management training to help them to discover better ways to
spend their time and make better use of the time they have and to find time
where they didn't think there was any left.  Teach them time alchemy so they
can conjure free time from base ideas.  Maybe we should revisit the plans and
double the size of the final structure to use up some of that extra time we've
just discovered.

But nobody wants to talk to little old Youssef.  No, Youssef must keep quiet
and carry the bags of sand up to the top of the pyramid and dump them out and
then scoop them up and carry them back down again.  Youssef does not argue.
The pharohs know where he lives and have threatened to hurt his family if he
does not work well.  Youssef sees the problems with the construction but he
will not complain.  At least they pay him enough so he can put food on the
table and take his friends out for take out once in a while.  Yes, Youssef is
paid well enough.  Enough to almost purchase that new camel he has his eye on.
The one with the one-camel-power engine, four-legged drive and dual,
fur-covered squishy seats.
